---
title: "Youtubers Shane and Liana actually have sextapes for money"
date: 2025-02-04
---
<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>So, after the whole drama with Shane and Liana, Crystal and Ray and Kristina I actually discovered that Shane and Liana have sextapes. Just Google 'Shane Liana sextapes' and go to images or even 'Shane Liana Onlyfans'.</p> <p>They trashed Kristina but I believe there are two sides of the story. In the last videos they did with the 'receipts' you see that Liana actually lashed out saying 'how dare you..' through text. She wasn't nice about it all. Also, they didn't invite Crystal and Ray over suddenly. I think it's weird that everyone just dismisses that part. If you were friends with someone and then they suddenly ghost you, then you would be mad about it as well and make a video on it and speaking your truth, because that hurts. There is no point in talking about it behind the public if you are ghosted suddenly anyway. I also remember where Liana in a video said that no one helped them move without saying names in the video, that's just shady. The fact that Shane and Liana just try to cover it up by saying 'we just distanced ourselves because of a rotten apple' and not only distanced themselves from Kristina (the rotten apple) but also suddenly from 2 of their other friends, I understand that that just doesn't sit right. And if they will ghost you, then why not speak on it on Youtube.</p> <p>I first liked Shane and Liana but now I just think it's weird. I'm not saying Kristina has no fault but it's so strange that people pick sides that easily based on the information they're getting. I remember Shane and Liana talking big about respect, doing videos about not dressing inappropriate because they value family, whole time they have sex tapes on the internet for money. It just comes to show that a lot of people just change when they get in the public eye.</p> <p>And ALSO. In the videos they bashed Kristina for being single and being 35. Or even Crystal and Ray for being where they are still because of 'how they act'. What do you mean? Since when is bashing someone based on their relationshipstatus or wealth normal? Shane and Liana should humble themselves.</p> </div><!-- SC_ON --> <br /> <span><a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/internetdrama/comments/1ic4hm1/youtubers_shane_and_liana_actually_have_sextapes/">[link]</a></span> &#32; <span><a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/internetdrama/comments/1ic4hm1/youtubers_shane_and_liana_actually_have_sextapes/">[comments]</a></span>
[Read more](https://www.reddit.com/r/internetdrama/comments/1ic4hm1/youtubers_shane_and_liana_actually_have_sextapes/)
